It's going to be bad if the ratings go down after today's episode.
The tone of your voice makes it sound you're on a picnic.
I'm trying to smile, so that blessings will come my way.
What's Hong Ah up to?
Here she is. Speak of the devil.
Hey.
What's wrong with you?
You don't even have the right to be an assistant writer.
Hyun Soo, here's a gift for you. Open it.
What is it?
I still have some left.
You look really tired these days.
You can't let your skin get ruined just because your drama's failing.
Why do you have to poke her where it hurts?
It's a fact.
You're the one who's being overly protective of her.
Okay, I'll use it.
Then you guys won't have to fight, right?
Don't you need to wash your face first?
It's okay. I'm just going to apply it again after I wash my face later.
- Hyun Soo. - Yes?
Can you take my name off the assistant writer list?
Why? That's the reason everyone wants to become an assistant writer.
That's not the case for me.
Okay, then. Hey, Kyung.
Call the staff, and ask them to get rid of Hong Ah's name from the list.
Okay.
You're really strange.
We still have time before today's episode airs.
Let's order something. I'll buy.
Did something good happen to you today?
It's the opposite.
Hong Ah tends to spend money whenever something upsetting...
happens to her.
What's there for her to get upset about?
Do you know everything about me?
You and I are stuck together for over 10 hours every day.
Don't be mistaken. That doesn't mean we share anything during that time.
You guys, that's enough.
I'll buy today. What do you want to eat?
I want stir-fried seafood noodles.
Stir-fried seafood noodles is one of the dishes that are easy to make.
This dish personally reminds me of my mother.
This was what she used to cook for me as a late-night meal.
It's a meaningful dish to me.
Why is he running on the beach all of a sudden?
Does that make sense?
It's a good image though. It's vast.
But the image doesn't fit with the story.
Is it the ratings?
I told you. Ratings go up for fight scenes.
The story becomes unrealistic if they shoot it like that.
It feels like a drama.
But it is a drama.
My gosh. I think the ratings will drop from last week.
No, you don't know yet.
This live chart isn't even that exact.
It's not exact, but it's pretty similar.
I'm going to bed.
Be safe when you leave, Hong Ah.
I'm not leaving. I'm going to stay the night here.
- Okay. - Good night.
Writer Lee Hyun Soo, I support you.
(You've liked the comment.)
I wish I could like this comment 10 times.
Writer Lee Hyun Soo, I support you.
(Director Min Yi Bok, On Jung Sun)
(Real time ratings graph)
(Director Min Yi Bok)
Yes, Director Min.
Did you see the ratings?
The ratings dropped for the department store scene...
that you told me to shoot as is on the script.
Ratings went up for the action scene that I changed to an empty lot.
This is the difference between professionals and amateurs.
(Park Jung Woo)
Yes, Mr. Park.
You sound cheery. You didn't see the ratings?
I saw it.
I'm sorry. Looks like you'll see some loss because of me.
Lee Hyun Soo.
You have to think of yourself first in situations like this.
I'm escaping right now. I'm eating something.
If you're escaping by eating, I see that you're doing okay.
To be honest,
I'm scared.
Are you being a woman right now?
Then I'll take it.
No.
Look straight.
That way you can get up even if you fall again.
("Ratings for SBC's 'Unruly Detectives' Reaches All Time Low")
What do we do?
She must have seen it and gone out to roam around.
("Reaches All Time Low")
Why did she go all out when she gets scared so easily?
She's going to take the blame.
What do you mean blame?
When ratings drop like this, someone has to be sacrificed.
Whose fault is it?
Why is it Hyun Soo's fault?
She went on set.
She exposed problems going on inside.
She'll become the target.
Why would you say that?
Fine, you're right.
You're awfully sharp sometimes.
It's not sometimes. I'm always like this.
It's Hyun Soo.
Hyun Soo.
Stay calm.
I can't pretend to be fine in front of you guys too.
Should I get you a cup of tea?
That'd be great.
I'll come out after sending the script for episode eight.
Yes, this is Ji Hong Ah.
Congratulations.
Your script has been selected as the winner for HNC's drama competition.
Really?
When is the award ceremony?
Okay. Thank you.
What award ceremony?
My script won HNC's drama series competition.
You submitted your script to the competition?
When?
- That's amazing. - Congratulations.
- Hyun Soo. - My goodness.
This is the beginning for you.
Congratulations.
Thank you. Work hard.
I work really hard even now.
Winning competitions requires luck.
You don't win just by writing well.
The scripts that make the final cut are pretty much the same.
From that point, it just depends on the jury's tastes.
- So... - Hyun Soo.
Can't we just focus on congratulating me?
If you say I just got lucky, I feel like you're belittling my efforts.
You have no idea how hard I tried.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry too.
What are you sorry about?
I got jealous for half a second.
Good for you, Ji Hong Ah!
You have everything now.
Writer Ji, do you want a cup of tea too?
Kyung, you're the best.
Can I leave?
I have to tell the news to a lot of people.
Go ahead. Your mom will be so happy.
Thank you.
I know things are tough for you,
but I have to respect my life too.
I have to be happy on a day like this.
That's why I like you.
If you didn't get all happy because of me,
I would have felt more miserable.
Hurry.
Kyung Soo.
This is good.
Why aren't you eating the pasta?
Do I have to?
That doesn't seem right.
The jamppong and bibimguksu are both spicy.
It makes me strongly suspect that you're purposely avoiding my dishes.
I eat what I want to eat.
You have a habit of doubting everyone's intentions.
Fix it.
Exactly what I wanted to say.
Hi Hong Ah.
You guys are eating.
What's up?
Is Jung Sun here? I don't see him.
He went to film for "Star's Favorite Dish" today.
Why?
Just...
Do you want to eat with us?
No, I'll be on my way.
Is everything okay?
Won Joon, you're such a great guy.
You're such a great guy, but why don't I have any feelings for you?
That hurt.
Won Joon, my script won.
The HNC station called me today.
Really?
Ji Hong Ah!
You finally did it.
I did it.
Be a nice person now.
And this was going so well.
When have I ever been not nice?
But what time does Jung Sun start shooting?
After getting makeup done,
we'll proceed the day following this order.
The other chef is already here.
We cook a dish for the star, and a dish we want, right?
Yes. You would need to think quick.
You won't know the dish they want until we start the shoot.
(Green room)
I'll come back just before we start.
Okay.
(Hong Ah)
Yes?
Are you not recording yet?
I thought I'd call just in case.
If you thought I was shooting, why did you call?
I got picked.
I was selected for a series at HNC.
Really? Congratulations.
I don't like your reaction.
I wanted you to be the first to congratulate me,
so I even went to Good Soup.
Good job, Hong Ah. Congratulations.
Words don't count. Buy me a nice meal later.
I'll wait for you at Good Soup.
Okay.
[VIU Ver] E12 Temperature of Love "Congratulate Me"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Are you my opponent today?
Hello, sir.
You were always lucky.
How did you get this far?
I look forward to it.
All right, let's give it a go.
I want to see how far your luck will take you.
Please sit down over here.
Did you stay up all night?
You look tired.
How can I sleep well in a situation like this?
Don't take this to heart.
When a child's marks are low, the parents get him a tutor...
or change the way he studies.
If the director and the writer...
agree to keep trying, I can't touch a thing.
But the director isn't happy about the writing, and the rating is low.
I have no other choice.
Let's get one more writer.
Do you know anyone you're close with?
Someone you could work with.
I'll think about it.
You didn't hear about what happened on set, right?
Do you know what Shin Ha Rim is doing right now?
Ha Rim, please.
We can't waste any more time.
I asked for an edit, but I didn't get one.
I'll edit it in the shoot.
My emotions...
I can't get into character. Okay?
Let's shoot tomorrow.
The show will air next week.
How can I shoot when it's not fun?
I couldn't sleep for two days.
None of us slept well, okay?
Shoot someone else first.
Hey. Ha Rim!
Hey! Hey! How can you leave? Hey!
Today's star has a baby face and a talent in acting.
She has been loved ever since her debut.
If you compare her to a book, she's a steady seller.
Today, Lee Deul Lae is here on "Star's Favorite Dish".
I heard that you want to eat French food.
There's something called bouillabaisse.
I had it in France when I went there for my honeymoon.
- I see. - I...
was really happy then.
She wants to eat bouillabaisse and remember her happy moments.
This is it.
This is the reason why our show exists.
Chefs, did you hear her well?
- Yes. - Great.
Please make the bouillabaisse Lee Deul Lae had on her honeymoon,
and a dish that will compliment...
the bouillabaisse.
I'll give you 40 minutes to cook.
Please start now.
He's fierce as he slices.
I'm excited to see how they'll make bouillabaisse.
The aroma is reaching us now.
- It smells good. - Yes.
I'll go up and have a taste.
It's bouillabaisse.
How will it taste?
I brought a spoon.
Wow. This is almost complete.
All right.
It tastes familiar.
I took the French bouillabaisse, and added a Korean touch.
That's why it's a little spicy. It brings up your appetite.
I'll now try Chef On Jung Sun's food.
It has a different color.
I can't really tell what this tastes like.
Jung Sun is losing his smile.
All right. Please continue with your cooking.
The two dishes taste different for sure.
I'm so excited. I want to try it.
I know, right?
It's time to wrap up.
You have seven minutes.
Chef Lee Jin Wook seems to be finishing up.
He's putting it on the plate.
Chef On Jung Sun...
Is there a problem?
He seems to be in a rush.
The lamb he placed in the sous vide machine wasn't cooked.
Goodness, this is...
I'm not sure if he'll finish his dishes on time.
Were there any chefs that didn't finish on time?
- No, not yet. - Really?
We didn't have one yet.
If they're in a rush, even chefs can make mistakes.
- He looks calm. - Yes.
Yes. Chef Lee Jin Wook has rung the bell.
Yes.
Now, the problem is Chef On Jung Sun.
There are three minutes left.
There is one minute left.
I'm worried.
There isn't any time left.
Chef On Jung Sun is putting the food on the plate.
Okay.
We'll count down the last five seconds.
Five,
- Four, Three, Two, One. - Four, Three, Two, One.
Okay. He finished.
Chef On Jung Sun also rung the bell...
to indicate that he finished.
Shin Ha Rim can't even act. All he does is show off.
He's ruining the drama.
Tell him not to come out.
What are you doing?
I'm leaving bad comments for Shin Ha Rim.
(Please cooperate for a cleaner internet culture.)
I was reported again.
They should know how annoying Ha Rim is.
If he doesn't shoot, what does he expect us to do?
I'm going home.
Okay. Go home and rest.
Someone else is editing it anyway.
Yes.
Hey.
I...
It's okay.
Even if this doesn't work out, you can write something else.
Even if this fails, you'll succeed.
Are you telling me I failed already?
No, I didn't mean that. No.
I shouldn't try to console you in this state.
You being here makes me feel better.
I'll go soak in despair.
Come on.
Sleep well.
Okay.
- I'll taste it. - Okay.
- I'm so happy. - Yes.
I've been waiting for this.
I'm trying to keep a serious face, but I can't help but smile.
This dish is perfect.
It's very refreshing,
yet it's full of aroma.
It's amazing.
- Now... - Okay.
This one.
Also, here's a bit of information we should note.
Chef Lee Jin Wook and Chef On Jung Sun...
were a teacher and a pupil.
Not really.
He was under me as a line cook.
Are you saying he wasn't a pupil?
No.
I see. Okay.
- Lee Deul Lae. - Yes?
Your decision will determine if Chef On Jung Sun...
will beat his master,
or if Chef Lee Jin Wook...
will receive an expected win.
Did you just see your face? Was it that good?
It's not that.
No?
It's hard to read her face.
It's time for you to make your decision.
Deul Lae, have you made your choice?
I did.
Okay.
- I'll press it. - Okay.
- Bye. - Take care.
Chef Lee Jin Wook's food was more delicious.
He's a great chef.
However, yours made me happy.
I felt like I was in my 20s again,
roaming the streets of Paris with my husband.
Tiring, but...
I felt excited.
Thank you. This is why I cook.
I want to make people happy, even if momentarily.
I was happy.
So? Where is Ha Rim right now?
Okay.
Why are you here?
I'm here to see the chief director because of "Unruly Detectives".
Congratulations on your first win.
What happened with "Unruly Detectives"?
The studio wants a new writer,
and the actor left the scene refusing to shoot.
There's so much bashing criticism.
It's in the worst situation.
So where are you going now?
To see Shin Ha Rim.
I'm going to whatever it takes to get him back on set.
I'll beat him if I have to.
Don't be the one getting beat up.
Do you not talk to Hyun Soo?
You two looked pretty close.
It'd be nice to make her something to eat.
Not that she'd take it.
- Let's go. - Okay.
(Kind Soup)
Why are you calling instead of coming here?
I'm sorry.
Something came up, so I can't have dinner.
I thought you were going to congratulate me. I'll wait.
I'm sorry, don't wait for me.
I'll cook you something nice later.
Who are you seeing instead?
Did you hear that I'm pathetic too?
Words travel far.
It went too far this time.
Here, I'll do it.
No, I want to do it. This is my house.
You're always treating me. I want to do it.
The one who does it better can just do it.
I'm good at things like this,
so you should do what you're good at.
I don't think I'm good at anything.
I'm best at writing.
But look at me now.
Don't look at me like that. My dignity hit rock bottom.
I'm scared.
I'm acting like a woman.
I can't believe I'm acting like this...
so that you'd console me.
What are you doing?
Are you scared?
(Thank you to Kim Hwan and Choi Hwa Jeong)
(Temperature of Love)
Did you get a chance to read it?
I have to get at least a dime more than Hyun Soo.
I'm afraid that's not possible.
Why are you choosing her over me?
Did I ever ask you to do something for me?
Why isn't she checking her e-mail?
I lost what I wrote.
I came to get my stuff.
Looking at how things are going, Hyun Soo will be fired.
I'll pay you more than her. Come work for me.
Are you doing this because of Jung Sun?
Do you not care about how I feel...
because Jung Sun likes you?
Are you so crazy about a man that you would throw away our friendship?
I'd choose Hyun Soo over anyone.
Don't try to guilt me anymore.
(Next Monday at 10pm...)